1. I am planning on using 5 threads + one thread per customer plus the main thread, each thread representing either a clerk or a customer or the main thread.

2. The threads are synchronized through convars, but not there is no central controller thread. Main does start each thread, but each thread works itself and uses signals etc to interact with other threads. For example, a customer thread will signal queue_not_empty for the clerk loop.

3. I will use one mutex. This design consideration makes it simplest to ensure queue resources are locked sufficiently without deadlocking with other queue resources. This will require more focus on which thread has acquired the deadlock and what that means for the execution of the other threads.

4. The main thread will do file processing, malloc, struct/queue building, then will create/join the clerk/customer threads. It will print the waiting times respectively, then cleanup/destroy resources and exit.

5. I will represent customers as threads, and track each customer using a queue, and using a struct containing customer info, I can operate on them based on their information and statuses.

6. Using a mutex wrapping around queue operations and time modification operations, I can ensure only one thread accesses them at a time, ensuring that the resources won't corrupt.

7. I will use 1 + N convars, one for signaling queue_not_empty, and one per customer that signals selected by clerk.

a) queue_not_empty represents at least one queue contains customers. each customer->cond represents that customer being selected by a clerk.
b) queue_mutex is associated with both.
c)for queue_not_empty: clerk selects a customer to process. For customer->cond: customer continues servicing.

8. 
Customer:
sleeps its arrival time
mutex lock
enqueues
signals queue_not_empty
waits to be selected
unlocks mutex

Clerk:
Loops:
    mutex lock
    loops while queues are empty:
    if all customers serviced, exit
    idle and wait for queue_not_empty signal

    dequeues customer
    records wait times
    assign and select customer by its clerkID
    sends cond signal to customer
    unlocks

    services customer
    locks
    increments number of finished customers
    if all finished broadcast queue_not_empty
    unlock

main:
start time
process file into struct
initialize threads
join threads
print times
free and destroy resources